Principles of persuasion.
cue-1
Doctor Robert Cialdini, the founder of Influence at work is a
cue-2
Regent's Professor Emeritus of Psychology and Marketing at Arizona
cue-3
State University.
cue-4
Through out his career, he has dedicated himself to researching the
cue-5
factors that lead people to agree to requests and say "Yes".
cue-6
Based on his research, he formulated the seven principles of persuasion;
cue-7
reciprocity, scarcity, authority, consistency
cue-8
liking, consensus and unity.
cue-9
The principle of persuasion is closely related to social engineering
cue-10
because social engineering tactics often utilize psychological techniques
cue-11
to manipulate their targets into performing actions that are not in their best
cue-12
interest.
cue-13
Let's look into these principles one after the other and see how they work in
cue-14
phishing attacks.